Update AdvancedViewTables.md (#3150)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/devguide/Connector/AdvancedViewTables.md

# View tables

> View tables are used to aggregate data from different other tables in one single table. These can be tables [from the same element](xref:AdvancedViewTablesSameElement) or [from other elements](xref:AdvancedViewTablesOtherElement).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View tables are used to display data from different other tables in a single table. These can be tables [from the same element](xref:AdvancedViewTablesSameElement) or [from other elements](xref:AdvancedViewTablesOtherElement).
```
